id;meta_score;user_review;platform;release_date;name;summary
1;99,0;91,0; Nintendo 64;November 23, 1998;The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time;As a young boy, Link is tricked by Ganondorf, the King of the Gerudo Thieves. The evil human uses Link to gain access to the Sacred Realm, where he places his tainted hands on Triforce and transforms the beautiful Hyrulean landscape into a barren wasteland. Link is determined to fix the problems he helped to create, so with the help of Rauru he travels through time gathering the powers of the Seven Sages.
6;97,0;91,0; Wii;November 12, 2007;Super Mario Galaxy;[Metacritic's 2007 Wii Game of the Year] The ultimate Nintendo hero is taking the ultimate step ... out into space. Join Mario as he ushers in a new era of video games, defying gravity across all the planets in the galaxy. When some creature escapes into space with Princess Peach, Mario gives chase, exploring bizarre planets all across the galaxy. Mario, Peach and enemies new and old are here. Players run, jump and battle enemies as they explore all the planets in the galaxy. Since this game makes full use of all the features of the Wii Remote, players have to do all kinds of things to succeed: pressing buttons, swinging the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk, and even pointing at and dragging things with the pointer. Since he's in space, Mario can perform mind-bending jumps unlike anything he's done before. He'll also have a wealth of new moves that are all based around tilting, pointing and shaking the Wii Remote. Shake, tilt and point! Mario takes advantage of all the unique aspects of the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controller, unleashing new moves as players shake the controller and even point at and drag items with the pointer. [Nintendo]
7;97,0;91,0; Wii;May 23, 2010;Super Mario Galaxy 2;Super Mario Galaxy 2, the sequel to the galaxy-hopping original game, includes the gravity-defying, physics-based exploration from the first game, but is loaded with entirely new galaxies and features to challenge players. On some stages, Mario can pair up with his dinosaur buddy Yoshi and use his tongue to grab items and spit them back at enemies. Players can also have fun with new items such as a drill that lets our hero tunnel through solid rock. [Nintendo]
25;96,0;92,0; PC;November 16, 2004;Half-Life 2;[Metacritic's 2004 PC Game of the Year] By taking the suspense, challenge and visceral charge of the original, and adding startling new realism and responsiveness, Half-Life 2 opens the door to a world where the player's presence affects everything around him, from the physical environment to the behaviors -- even the emotions -- of both friends and enemies. The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people -- people he cares about -- are counting on him. [Vivendi Universal]
28;96,0;90,0; Xbox 360;August 21, 2007;BioShock;"[Metacritic's 2007 Xbox 360 Game of the Year] Going beyond ""run and gun corridors,"" ""monster-closet AIs"" and static worlds, BioShock creates a living, unique and unpredictable FPS experience. After your plane crashes into icy uncharted waters, you discover a rusted bathysphere and descend into Rapture, a city hidden beneath the sea. Constructed as an idealistic society for a hand picked group of scientists, artists and industrialists, the idealism is no more. Now the city is littered with corpses, wildly powerful guardians roam the corridors as little girls loot the dead, and genetically mutated citizens ambush you at every turn. Take control of your world by hacking mechanical devices, commandeering security turrets and crafting unique items critical to your very survival. Upgrade your weapons with ionic gels, explosives and toxins to customize them to the enemy and environment. Genetically modify your body through dozens of Plasmid Stations scattered throughout the city, empowering you with fantastic and often grotesque abilities. Explore a living world powered by Ecological A.I., where the inhabitants have interesting and consequential relationships with one another that impact your gameplay experience. Experience truly next generation graphics that vividly illustrate the forlorn art deco city, highlighted by the most detailed and realistic water effects ever developed in a video game. Make meaningful choices and mature decisions, ultimately culminating in the grand question: do you exploit the innocent survivors of Rapture...or save them? [2K Games]"
29;96,0;90,0; Nintendo 64;August 25, 1997;GoldenEye 007;You are Bond. James Bond. You are assigned covert operations connected with the GoldenEye weapons satellite. M will brief you on your mission and objectives from London. Q Branch will support your efforts with a plentiful supply of weapons and gadgets. Moneypenny offers you light-hearted best wishes and you're off! Your mission begins in the heavily guarded chemical warfare facility at the Byelomorye Dam in the USSR. Look and shoot in any direction as you navigate 12 interactive 3-D environments. Use stealth and force as you see fit in matters of international security. Consider the military personnel expendable. You are licensed to kill!
31;96,0;92,0; GameCube;January 11, 2005;Resident Evil 4;Resident Evil 4 marks a new chapter in the Resident Evil series. You'll rejoin Leon S. Kennedy six years after his first mission as a rookie cop from Resident Evil 2. Now a US agent, Leon is on a top secret mission to investigate the disappearance of the president's daughter. As Leon, you must make your way to a mysterious location in Europe, where new enemies await. Take them down by using enhanced aim-and-shoot features and a new action button.
32;96,0;90,0; Xbox 360;October 10, 2007;The Orange Box;Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]
33;96,0;93,0; PC;October 10, 2007;The Orange Box;Games included in The Orange Box compilation: The original Half-Life 2 - The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people - people he cares about - are counting on him. Half-Life 2: Episode One - The player reprises his role of Dr. Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. Half-Life 2: Episode Two -- the second installment in Valve's episodic trilogy advances the award-winning story, leading the player to new locations outside of City 17. Portal - a pioneering type of single player action game that rewrites the rules for how players approach and manipulate their environment – much like how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun reinvented the way gamers interact with objects in the game. Team Fortress 2 - an all-new version of the legendary title that spawned team based multiplayer action games. The game's daring new art style features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date. [Valve Software]
35;96,0;91,0; PlayStation;April 29, 1998;Tekken 3;An ancient evil force has reawakened, attacking in secret and feeding on the souls of mighty warriors. To lure it out of hiding will take the greatest fighting contest the world has ever seen...Tekken 3. Some are fighting for revenge, some for honor, Ultimately, all are fighting for their lives and the fate of all mankind.
39;96,0;91,0; PC;November 19, 1998;Half-Life;Half-Life combines great storytelling in the tradition of Stephen King with intense action and advanced technology to create a frighteningly realistic world where players need to think smart to survive. Half-Life has won more than 50 Game of the Year awards from publications around the world, and was named 'Best PC Game Ever' in PC Gamer's November 1999 issue. [Sierra]
40;96,0;90,0; PlayStation 2;October 25, 2005;Resident Evil 4;"In Resident Evil 4 players are reacquainted with Leon S. Kennedy, Raccoon City Police Department's idealistic rookie cop from ""Resident Evil 2."" It has been six years since the destruction of Raccoon City and in that time, the U.S. government has been able to destroy the nefarious Umbrella Corporation. Fast forward to 2004 and players rejoin Leon, who is now a U.S. agent with a top-secret mission. He has been tasked to look into the abduction of the President's daughter and his investigation has led him to a mysterious location in Europe. As Leon encounters unimaginable horrors, he must find out who or what is behind everything. [Capcom]"
41;96,0;90,0; GameCube;March 24, 2003;The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker;In this ninth entry in the Legend of Zelda series, Link debuts on GameCube with a fun new cel-shaded look, but the game stays true to the respected heritage of the series. The classic mix of sword-swinging action, perplexing puzzles and stirring story lines remains intact, but the stunning cel-shaded graphics give the people and places of Link's watery world a wildly artistic new look. And for the very first time, Link sails freely on the high seas. Join Link on his most epic and scenic adventure yet. Face unimaginable monsters, explore puzzling dungeons, and meet a cast of unforgettable characters as he searches for his kidnapped sister, Aryll.
46;95,0;91,0; PC;September 24, 2000;Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn;"An epic continuation of the story that began in ""Baldur's Gate,"" this RPG is set along the southern portion of the Sword Coast, a detailed and rich area of the Forgotten Realms called Amn. It features 300 spells and 130-plus monster types compared to only 130 spells and 60 monster types in Baldur's Gate. [Interplay]"
47;95,0;91,0; PlayStation 2;October 26, 2004;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas;[Metacritic's 2004 PS2 Game of the Year] Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster. On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets. [Rockstar]
54;95,0;90,0; Game Boy Advance;December 3, 2002;The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past;Now you have a link to one of the greatest adventures in The Legend of Zelda series. The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past revives the classic SNES game on the Game Boy Advance and adds a new multiplayer mode. In a Link to the Past, Link travels between the light world and the dark world, conquering fierce monsters and uncovering Hyrule's deepest secrets along the way. Also included is Four Swords, which lets you play with up to three other players, slashing through dungeons and collecting rupees. Whether you choose solo or competitive play, The Legend of Zelda will keep you occupied with its brain-bending puzzles and fun swashbuckling action.
55;95,0;91,0; Nintendo 64;October 25, 2000;The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask;Thrown into a parallel world by the mischievous actions of a possessed Skull Kid, Link finds a land in grave danger. The dark power of a relic called Majora's Mask has wreaked havoc on the citizens of Termina, but their most urgent problem is a suicidal moon crashing toward the world. Link has only 72 hours to find a way to stop its descent.
56;95,0;92,0; PlayStation 3;June 14, 2013;The Last of Us;Twenty years after a pandemic radically transformed known civilization, infected humans run amuck and survivors kill one another for sustenance and weapons - literally whatever they can get their hands on. Joel, a salty survivor, is hired to smuggle a fourteen-year-old girl, Ellie, out of a rough military quarantine, but what begins as a simple job quickly turns into a brutal journey across the country.
57;95,0;90,0; Wii;November 19, 2006;The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess;When an evil darkness enshrouds the land of Hyrule, a young farm boy named Link must awaken the hero - and the animal - within. When Link travels to the Twilight Realm, he transforms into a wolf and must scour the land with the help of a mysterious girl named Midna. Using the power and unique control of the Wii console, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess features precise aiming control using the Wii Remote. The Wii Remote and the Nunchuk controller are used for a variety of game activities, including fishing and special sword attacks. Players ride into battle against troops of foul creatures using an amazing horseback combat system, then take on massive bosses that must be seen to be believed. [Nintendo]
61;95,0;92,0; PlayStation 4;July 29, 2014;The Last of Us Remastered;"The Last of Us has been rebuilt for the PlayStation4 system. Now featuring full 1080p, higher resolution character models, improved shadows and lighting, in addition to several other gameplay improvements. 20 years after a pandemic has radically changed known civilization, infected humans run wild and survivors are killing each other for food, weapons; whatever they can get their hands on. Joel, a violent survivor, is hired to smuggle a 14 year-old girl, Ellie, out of an oppressive military quarantine zone, but what starts as a small job soon transforms into a brutal journey across the U.S. The Last of Us Remastered includes the Abandoned Territories Map Pack, Reclaimed Territories Map Pack, and the critically acclaimed The Last of Us: Left Behind Single Player campaign that combines themes of survival, loyalty, and love with tense, survival-action gameplay. Remastered Features: -Explore a brutal post-pandemic world, fully realized with the power of PlayStation4 system -Includes additional game content: over $30 in value -Delve into Ellies past in Left Behind, the single-player prequel chapter -Eight new multiplayer maps in the Abandoned and Reclaimed Territories packs -In-game cinematic commentary from the cast and creative director"
63;95,0;91,0; PC;April 18, 2011;Portal 2;Valve is working on a full-length sequel to its award-winning, mind-bending puzzle action game for the Xbox 360 and PC.
64;95,0;90,0; Xbox 360;May 18, 2010;Red Dead Redemption;Developed by Rockstar San Diego, as a follow up to the 2004 hit game Red Dead Revolver, Red Dead Redemption is a Western epic, set at the turn of the 20th century when the lawless and chaotic badlands began to give way to the expanding reach of government and the spread of the Industrial Age. The story of former outlaw, John Marston, Red Dead Redemption takes players on a great adventure across the American frontier. Utilizing Rockstar's proprietary Rockstar Advanced Game Engine (RAGE), Red Dead Redemption features an open-world environment for players to explore, including frontier towns, rolling prairies teeming with wildlife, and perilous mountain passes - each packed with an endless flow of varied distractions. Along the way, players experience the heat of gunfights and battles, meet a host of unique characters, struggle against the harshness of one of the world’s last remaining wildernesses, and ultimately pick their own precarious path through an epic story about the death of the Wild West and the gunslingers that inhabited it. [Rockstar Games]
71;94,0;90,0; PlayStation;November 13, 2000;Final Fantasy IX;The last Final Fantasy for the PlayStation, Final Fantasy IX returns to the pure fantasy roots that spawned the series. This latest installment features highly detailed characters, vehicles, and environments, and breathtaking cinema-graphics. The addition of brand new features such as the story-enhancing Active Time Event system and the return of minigames that grant additional gameplay make Final Fantasy IX not only a memorable gaming experience, but also a significant step forward in the series.
73;94,0;92,0; PlayStation 4;April 20, 2018;God of War;His vengeance against the gods of Olympus far behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the lands of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same. As mentor and protector to a son determined to earn his respect, Kratos is faced with an unexpected opportunity to master the rage that has long defined him. Questioning the dark lineage he’s passed on to his son, he hopes to make amends for the shortcomings of his past. Set within the untamed forests, mountains, and realms of Norse lore, God of War features a distinctly new setting with its own pantheon of creatures, monsters, and gods. [Playstation.com]
80;94,0;90,0; 3DS;June 19, 2011;The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D;The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D takes the best-reviewed game of all time for a brand-new experience. Now in 3D all of the graphic textures and colors have been vastly improved, taking advantage of the considerable graphic power of the Nintendo 3DS system. This game tells the epic story of Hyrule and Link™, Zelda™, and Ganondorf in remarkable depth and gives context to the many tales of their struggles. As such, this title represents a perfect entry point for players new to the Zelda franchise. Phenomenally Improved Graphics Beyond even the incredible 3D effect, every graphic texture and character model has been lovingly built from the ground up to create the most dynamic and vivid vision of Zelda’s kingdom yet. This is Hyrule as you’ve always imagined it. Playing the Ocarina Link needs to play the eponymous Ocarina of Time many, many times over the course of the game. This involves a specific series of button presses to play one of the twelve songs in the game. In the original title, you would need to assign the ocarina to an item slot, then likely review the button prompts to your song, then play them from memory. The Nintendo 3DS version has the ocarina constantly available on the Touch Screen, and playing with the button prompts for each song right in front of you. Enhanced Game play While the greatest care has been taken to preserve the classic game play and story, a number of new features make this the definitive version of this extraordinary game.
99;94,0;92,0; PlayStation;October 21, 1998;Metal Gear Solid;You are Snake, a government agent on a mission to regain control of a secret nuclear weapons base from terrorist hands. Lightly armed and facing an army of foes, Snake must avoid firefights in order to survive. If Snake can locate them he can utilize advanced hardware, ranging from silenced pistols to ground-to-air missiles. Enemies react to sight and sound - so stay quiet and stay in the shadows. State-of-the-art graphics: textures, transparencies, models and explosions. Taut, gripping story with multiple endings - a truly cinematic experience.
100;94,0;91,0; PC;October 14, 1998;Grim Fandango;Something's rotten in the Land of Dead and you're being played for a sucker. Meet Manny Calavera, travel agent at the Department of Death. He sells luxury packages to souls on their four-year journey to eternal rest. But there's trouble in paradise. Help Manny untangle himself from a conspiracy that threatens his very salvation. [LucasArts]
101;94,0;91,0; Xbox;March 28, 2005;Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Chaos Theory;As Sam Fisher, Third Echelon's most skilled Splinter Cell operative, you are assigned to execute a hazardous series of operations to investigate and eliminate a new source of information attacks originating in North Korea. At your disposal is a lethal array of tactics ranging from Combat Knife techniques to experimental prototype weapons skills and more-radical hand-to-hand techniques such as the Inverted Chokehold. Experience the intensity of acting as a lone operative fighting tomorrow's threats in the field and of cooperating online with a partner to accomplish crucial missions.
105;94,0;91,0; PlayStation 2;March 14, 2006;Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence;Metal Gear goes online for the first time in Metal Gear Solid 3 Subsistence! Players can battle or team up with up to 7 other friends for online dominance. Featuring different gameplay modes, new camera system, and robust online play, Subsistence is the game that gives players a brand new Metal Gear experience. Includes MGS3 Snake Eater and all new Online Modes, including Death Match, Team Death Match, Sneaking Mission, Capture Mission, and Rescue Mission. Third Person Camera system gives players more control. Bonus Metal Gear and Metal Gear 2 Solid Snake games which have never been released before in the North America. Demo Theater, Duel Mode, and new stages for Snake vs. Monkey mini-game. [Konami]
110;94,0;91,0; Xbox;July 17, 2003;Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic;Long before the Galactic Civil War, an epic drama begins. Engage in this saga set in the Golden Age of the Republic--over 4,000 years before the first Star Wars film, when both Jedi and Sith number in the thousands. With the Galaxy reeling from a recent conflict with the Dark Lords, the ongoing battle between the Jedi and the Sith rages on. It's up to guide your customizable and evolving characters through ten different worlds, fast-paced minigames, and locations including a Sith world, the Wookie homeworld, and the Jedi Academy. Your actions determine the outcome of this colossal galactic war--and your destiny as a Jedi.
114;94,0;91,0; Nintendo 64;September 26, 1996;Super Mario 64;Mario is super in a whole new way! Combining the finest 3-D graphics ever developed for a video game and an explosive sound track, Super Mario 64 becomes a new standard for video games. It's packed with bruising battles, daunting obstacle courses and underwater adventures. Retrieve the Power Stars from their hidden locations and confront your arch nemesis - Bowser, King of the Koopas!
115;93,0;94,0; PC;May 18, 2015;The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt;With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders, breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format.
116;93,0;90,0; PlayStation 2;September 7, 2004;Burnout 3: Takedown;"Burnout 3 takes the hit series even further, now featuring a unique ""crash and burn"" racing concept and a one-of-a-kind special effects engine that delivers spectacular visuals. The intensity heats up as players race, and often crash, their way through oncoming traffic in an attempt to claim the top spot. Boasting multiple single-player, multiplayer and online crash and race modes, Burnout 3 offers players the opportunity to race through busy city streets and be rewarded for taking risks that result in heart-pounding action and electrifying crashes. [Electronic Arts]"
119;93,0;90,0; PlayStation;November 30, 1999;Gran Turismo 2;The world's most advanced racing game returns with thunderous new features.
126;93,0;90,0; Switch;September 17, 2020;Hades;Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. Hades is a god-like rogue-like dungeon crawler that combines the best aspects of Supergiant's critically acclaimed titles, including the fast-paced action of Bastion, the rich atmosphere and depth of Transistor, and the character-driven storytelling of Pyre. BATTLE OUT OF HELL As the immortal Prince of the Underworld, you'll wield the powers and mythic weapons of Olympus to break free from the clutches of the god of the dead himself, while growing stronger and unraveling more of the story with each unique escape attempt. UNLEASH THE FURY OF OLYMPUS The Olympians have your back! Meet Zeus, Athena, Poseidon, and many more, and choose from their dozens of powerful Boons that enhance your abilities. There are thousands of viable character builds to discover as you go. BEFRIEND GODS, GHOSTS, AND MONSTERS A fully-voiced cast of colorful, larger-than-life characters is waiting to meet you! Grow your relationships with them, and experience thousands of unique story events as you learn about what's really at stake for this big, dysfunctional family. BUILT FOR REPLAYABILITY New surprises await each time you delve into the ever-shifting Underworld, whose guardian bosses will remember you. Use the powerful Mirror of Night to grow permanently stronger, and give yourself a leg up the next time you run away from home. NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE Permanent upgrades mean you don't have to be a god yourself to experience the exciting combat and gripping story. Though, if you happen to be one, crank up the challenge and get ready for some white-knuckle action that will put your well-practiced skills to the test. SIGNATURE SUPERGIANT STYLE The rich, atmospheric presentation and unique melding of gameplay and narrative that's been core to Supergiant's games is here in full force: spectacular hand-painted environments and a blood-pumping original score bring the Underworld to life.
128;93,0;92,0; PC;March 23, 2020;Half-Life: Alyx;Half-Life: Alyx is Valve's VR return to the Half-Life series. It's the story of an impossible fight against a vicious alien race known as the Combine, set between the events of Half-Life and Half-Life 2. Playing as Alyx Vance, you are humanity's only chance for survival. The Combine's control of the planet since the Black Mesa incident has only strengthened as they corral the remaining population in cities. Among them are some of Earth's greatest scientists: you and your father, Dr. Eli Vance. As founders of a fledgling resistance, you've continued your clandestine scientific activityperforming critical research, and building invaluable tools for the few humans brave enough to defy the Combine. Every day, you learn more about your enemy, and every day you work toward finding a weakness. ABOUT GAMEPLAY IN VR: Valve's return to the Half-Life universe that started it all was built from the ground up for virtual reality. VR was built to enable the gameplay that sits at the heart of Half-Life. Immerse yourself in deep environmental interactions, puzzle solving, world exploration, and visceral combat. Lean to aim around a broken wall and under a Barnacle to make an impossible shot. Rummage through shelves to find a healing syringe and some shotgun shells. Manipulate tools to hack alien interfaces. Toss a bottle through a window to distract an enemy. Rip a Headcrab off your face and throw it at a Combine soldier. Extra content for Index owners Customers who have purchased Valve Index hardware by the end of 2019 will have access to unique bonuses starting early next year: * Explore environments from Half-Life: Alyx in your SteamVR Home space * Alternate gun skins to embellish Alyx's arsenal * Special Half-Life: Alyx-themed content for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and Dota 2 Community-built environments * A set of Source 2 tools for building new environments will ship with the game, enabling any player to build and contribute new environments for the community to enjoy. Hammer, Valve's level authoring tool, has been updated with all of the game's virtual reality gameplay tools and components.
135;93,0;90,0; PlayStation 2;March 13, 2007;God of War II;[Metacritic's 2007 PS2 Game of the Year] God of War saw Kratos, a mortal warrior, set upon an epic quest to dethrone a God. But his journey did not end there. In God of War II, Kratos sits atop his Olympus throne, as the new God of War – far more ruthless than Ares ever was. To end his continued torment, Kratos must journey to the far reaches of the earth and defeat untold horrors and alter that which no mortal, or god has ever changed, his fate. God of War II sets an epic stage for a devastating mythological war to end all wars. In God of War II, players retake the role of Kratos. Armed with the deadly blades and blistering rage, players are aided by new breath-taking magic and new brutal combat moves. The journey takes them through vividly striking environments where they are faced with a labyrinth of challenging puzzles and mini-games intricately woven into the story. The violent world of Greek mythology comes to life in gory detail as Kratos encounters new mythical characters, and compete in epic boss battles in his quest. [SCEA]
150;93,0;91,0; PlayStation 2;September 19, 2006;Okami;In Okami, the legendary monster Orochi has come back to life and turned the world into a veritable wasteland. Players must assume the role of a wolf, an embodiment of the sun god Amaterasu, which is capable of wielding unimaginable power. The state of the world lies in gamer's hands as they must fight ominous beings and reclaim the earth from a curse that plagues it. It is crucial to help Amaterasu make the world a place where all living creatures can dwell once again. [Capcom]
168;93,0;92,0; PlayStation;October 2, 1997;Castlevania: Symphony of the Night;As a descendant of Dracula, you must end the vampire bloodline. Can you rid the world of this unspeakable terror? Uncover the mystery of Castlevania and challenge an adventure as legendary as its name. Over 140 different enemies, bosses, and ghastly creatures. Awesome magical spells - transform into a bat, a wolf, or etheral mist. Hidden weapons, secrets, and characters...the largest Castlevania ever!
170;93,0;90,0; PC;November 18, 2003;Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic;Engage in this saga set in the Golden Age of the Republic - over 4,000 years before the first Star Wars film, when both Jedi and Sith number in the thousands. With the Galaxy reeling from a recent conflict with the Dark Lords, the ongoing battle between the Jedi and the Sith rages on. Your actions determine the outcome of this colossal galactic war - and your destiny as a Jedi. [LucasArts]
176;93,0;90,0; Nintendo 64;February 5, 2001;Paper Mario;Mario pals around in an all-new action adventure! Mario's back in his first adventure since Super Mario 64, and this time, Bowser's bent on preventing a storybook ending. When Princess Peach is kidnapped, Mario plots to rescue the seven Star Spirits and rid the Mushroom Kingdom of Koopa's cruel cohorts. As he travels from the tropical jungles of Lavalava Island to the frosty heights of Shiver Mountain, he'll meet up with seven all-new companions... and he'll need help from each one or there'll be no happily ever after.
203;92,0;92,0; PC;July 3, 2002;Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos;[Metacritic's 2002 PC Game of the Year] It has been nearly fifteen years since the war between the orcs and humans ended. An uneasy peace settled over the land while, for years, the drums of war were silent. Yet the kingdoms of men grew complacent in their victory - and slowly, the defeated orcish clans regrouped under the banner of a new visionary leader. Now a darker shadow has fallen over the world, threatening to extinguish all life - all hope. The drums of war play upon the winds once again - rising urgently towards the inevitable hour when the skies will rain fire - and the world will tremble before the coming of the Burning Legion. The Day of Judgment has come... [Blizzard]
206;92,0;91,0; Nintendo 64;May 31, 1998;Banjo-Kazooie;"Trouble is brewing on Spiral Mountain! Gruntilda the witch, wildly jealous of Tooty the Honey Bear's good looks; is determined to steal them for herself! But even as she whisks the helpless youngster off to her tower, Tooty's big brother Banjo and his loud-mouthed partner Kazooie are hot on the trail to rescue her...Aided by the mystical shaman Mumbo Jumbo, Banjo and Kazooie must tackle gloomy swamps, scorching deserts, towering mountain ranges and spooky haunted houses on their way to the final confrontation at the summit of Gruntilda's Lair."
215;92,0;90,0; PlayStation;May 15, 2000;Vagrant Story;Relive an adventurous tale rich with agents, espionage, and conspiracies. Challenge deadly monsters and villains with your steel and magic. Clear your name by uncovering a sinister plot -- or perish in the attempt.
217;92,0;90,0; PC;October 10, 2007;Team Fortress 2;"Team Fortress 2 (TF2) is the sequel to the game that put class-based, multiplayer team warfare on the map. TF2 delivers new gametypes, a signature art style powered by Valve’s next generation animation technology, persistent player statistics, and more. Unlike other ""class-based"" games that offer a variety of combat classes only, Team Fortress 2 packs a wild variety of classes which provide a broad range of tactical abilities and personalities, and lend themselves to a variety of player skills. Play as the flame-throwing Pyro, the room clearing Heavy, or the Spy, a master of disguises. Other classes include: Scout, Sniper, Medic, Engineer, Demoman, or Soldier. TF2 features the most advanced graphics of any Source-based game released to date – and the most exciting class-based action ever created. [Valve]"
218;92,0;91,0; PC;August 11, 1999;System Shock 2;"Like System Shock 1, there will be persistent levels (i.e., drop an item on one level, and you could go back later to retrieve it), gameplay elements like logs, inventory, skills, persistent world, leaning, hacking, rpg elements, multiple weapons and enemies, and a compelling storyline. Unlike most other first person shooters, the purpose of System Shock was not to kill everything in sight; nor was it a ""find the key to move onto the next level"" game. The plot was always present, but not so confining as in traditional shooters - there was almost always more than one task to accomplish. Levels were realistically designed and had logical reasons behind them. It is the principle of System Shock 2 to continue this game design. [sshock2.com]"
223;92,0;92,0; PlayStation 4;May 19, 2015;The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt;"With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders, breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format. Also known as ""The Witcher III: Wild Hunt"""
224;92,0;90,0; Game Boy Advance;February 9, 2002;Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2;Mario hasn't even had a chance to savor his victory in the original Super Mario Advance, and already he's back for more in Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2. This game is a re-creation of the Super NES classic Super Mario World, featuring every last secret exit and all 74 levels of platform-jumping action. Once again, Princess Peach has been kidnapped by the ever-diabolical Bowser, and Mario and Luigi set out on a massive adventure to rescue her. As either Mario or Luigi, you'll solve puzzles, shoot fireballs, fly, and discover the hidden secrets in Dinosaur Island.
226;92,0;91,0; GameCube;December 2, 2001;Super Smash Bros. Melee;Nintendo's all-star cast of combatants is back in Super Smash Bros. Melee, along with a new batch of brawlers ready to tear it up. The sequel to Super Smash Bros. keeps the same basic premise: Characters duke it out in interactive environments, using special attacks and various items to knock each other into the abyss. Some new defensive techniques add an even deeper level of complexity to the combat. In addition to traditional battle royale matches, players can select all-new ways to play like Coin mode and Tournament mode.
229;92,0;90,0; PC;September 22, 2004;Rome: Total War;"Rome: Total War is the next generation in epic strategy gaming from the critically acclaimed and award winning Total War brand. The aim of the game is to conquer, rule and manipulate the Roman Empire with the ultimate goal of being declared as the ""Imperator"" of Rome. Set in a time when the mighty Roman Empire emerged to conquer the known world against powerful enemies; when gladiators fought to a bloody death in the Coliseum; when Spartacus defied the might of the empire; when Hannibal led his invincible army and his war elephants across the Alps to strike fear into the very heart of Rome itself; and when Julius Caesar finally smashed the Barbarian Gauls. This was a time of brutal confrontation between civilisation and barbarism, and of civil war as the ancient world's only superpower turned on itself. A completely new Total War engine uses innovative technology and groundbreaking design to bring the world of ancient Rome to life to deliver the biggest and most cinematic battles ever seen in a videogame. So the battles in Rome: Total War maintain the epic scale that fans of Total War are used to, but now use high-detailed 3D polygonal troops and allows huge cities to be displayed on the battlefields. The result is truly spectacular. [Activision]"
239;92,0;90,0; PC;November 30, 1998;Thief: The Dark Project;Sneak through the shadows of 12 treacherous missions including haunted cathedrals, subterranean ruins, and forbidding prisons, in a dark and sinister city. Stalk your prey on the quest for stolen goods with your blackjack, sword and an assortment of unique arrows. Steal for money and uncover the hidden agendas of your allies and enemies as you play through an unravelling story of deception and revenge. Survive in a world where shadows are your only ally, trust is not an option, and confrontation results in death! [Eidos Interactive]
240;92,0;90,0; 3DS;February 4, 2013;Fire Emblem: Awakening;Lead an army of soldiers in a series of scaled turn-based strategy battles. In the process, develop relationships with your team, utilizing their special abilities on the battlefield to gain victory and advance the story, which features a wide array of characters from a variety of nations and backgrounds. They can be joined by a character of your making, with a unique appearance crafted as you see fit.
241;92,0;91,0; PC;September 30, 1999;Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings;"Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is the sequel to the award-winning, best-selling real-time strategy game ""Age of Empires."" Age of Empires II spans a thousand years, from the fall of Rome through the Middle Ages in which players lead one of 13 civilizations into greatness. The game keeps the epic scope of Age of Empires' game play while evolving the combat and economic features. [Microsoft]"
245;92,0;90,0; PC;November 30, 1999;Unreal Tournament (1999);"The stakes are high. On the one hand, fame, fortune, glory; on the other hand, death. Prove your skill in the arenas of the future, leading your team of computer-controlled ""bots"" to victory in the Grand Tournament, or compete with the best of the best via LAN or the Internet in seat-of-your-pants battles. While Unreal Tournament offers the finest in classic ""Deathmatch"" play, right out of the box you can compete in Team Deathmatch or Capture the Flag. Control strategic points on the map to rack up your score in Domination, or test your skills in Assault, as one team defends its base from the other. Each game type comes with its own special maps and rules, for never-ending variety and challenge. Add gameplay mutators such as Jump Match or InstaGib, and Unreal Tournament will keep your wits honed to a razor edge. [Infogrames]"
252;92,0;91,0; PlayStation;September 3, 1997;Final Fantasy VII;An epic adventure across 3 cd-roms. What begins as a rebellion against an evil corporation becomes much more. And what erupts goes beyond imagination. With vivid landscapes, lush 3D animation and environments, Square Soft's multi-million dollar masterpiece is like nothing ever seen before.
254;92,0;91,0; DS;November 25, 2008;Chrono Trigger;[Metacritic's 2008 DS Game of the Year] When a newly developed teleportation device malfunctions at the Millennial Fair, young Crono must travel through time to rescue his unfortunate companion from an intricate web of past and present perils. The swashbuckling adventure that ensues soon unveils an evil force set to destroy the world, triggering Crono's race against time to change the course of history and bring about a brighter future. Features an engaging and unparalleled storyline, leading to the discovery of multiple epic conclusions to a journey that transcends time. An inspiring musical score created by Yasunori Mitsuda. Intriguing battle system made possible by the unique combination of the Active Time Battle system and Tech skills. Famed character designer Akira Toriyama lends his signature art style to create the vibrant world that has captivated gamers around the world. Taking advantage of the Nintendo DS hardware, CHRONO TRIGGER makes its way onto the portable platform with all-new dual screen presentation and Touch-Screen functionality. A brand new dungeon and a Wireless Play mode adds exciting new dimensions to this timeless classic. [Square Enix]
257;92,0;91,0; Wii;April 6, 2012;Xenoblade Chronicles;Xenoblade Chronicles throws you into a universe bursting with imagination. Take hold of an ancient sword that offers glimpses of the future, customise your characters extensively and discover a world where your relationships with others matter.
267;92,0;91,0; Game Boy Advance;November 17, 2002;Metroid Fusion;While lending mission support on planet SR388, interstellar bounty hunter Samus Aran is attacked by an X parasite, an organism with the ability to mimic the abilities of any creature it infects. Near death, Samus is saved by a vaccin made from the DNA of the last Metroid--the X parasite's only natural predator. When the X spread to a research station in orbit around SR388, a weakened Samurs is forced to exterminate them all...or die trying.
268;92,0;93,0; PC;May 30, 2016;The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine;This expansion pack is an old-school add on with 20 hours of new adventures, where players will travel to the land of Toussaint.
289;91,0;90,0; Wii;August 24, 2009;Metroid Prime Trilogy;Metroid Prime 3: Corruption set a new standard for first-person motion controls in video games. Now it’s bringing those controls to the rest of the celebrated series, allowing players to experience the entire Metroid Prime story arc with the precision of the Wii Remote. Metroid Prime Trilogy, is a three-game collection for the Wii console that bundles all three landmark Metroid Prime games onto one disc and revamps the first two installments with intuitive Wii Remote controls, wide-screen presentation and other enhancements. Each game maintains its original storyline and settings, but now Metroid Prime and Metroid Prime 2: Echoes let players use their Wii Remote to aim with precision as heroine Samus Aran. Based on the breakthrough control system that debuted in Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, these new Wii controls bring an entirely new level of immersion and freedom to these milestone games. Players can access the game they want from a unified main menu that ties together all three adventures. Through a new unlockables system, players can gain access to in-game rewards such as music and artwork by accomplishing objectives across all three games. [Nintendo]
296;91,0;92,0; Xbox One;May 19, 2015;The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt;With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders, breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format.
304;91,0;91,0; PlayStation 2;November 3, 2004;Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal;"(Also known as ""Ratchet & Clank 3"") The third installment of the Ratchet & Clank franchise incorporates new elements of gameplay not seen previously in the series, including online and offline multiplayer capabilities that will appeal to a wide variety of players. Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal returns gamers to Planet Veldin, the setting of the original Ratchet & Clank, where the duo set off on a gripping new adventure through a multitude of diverse planets to fight for galactic peace. Players will be able to earn up to 20 weapons (including online and offline) with up to four levels of upgrades for most weapons, plus new high-tech gadgets to help them through their journey. [SCEA]"
305;91,0;92,0; GameCube;April 30, 2002;Resident Evil (2002);Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.
308;91,0;92,0; PlayStation 2;November 17, 2004;Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater;"In the struggle to achieve world peace and world dominance, rivaling governments are secretly developing weapons technology that could threaten the future existence of life. Destined to be the first, a race ensues to become the ultimate nation. A special elite tactical soldier is summoned to penetrate deep in the heart of enemy territory and obtain intel about ""Metal Gear,"" a prototype weapon with nuclear capabilities. This is your mission and you must infiltrate alone. Interactive environments where traps catch enemies and prey. Rely on camouflage, combat, hunting and instincts to survive. Set in the 1960s where politics and war are shaping real world history. Blockbuster musical score composed by Harry Gregson-Williams. [Konami]"
314;91,0;91,0; PC;August 14, 2020;Factorio;Factorio is a game about building and creating automated factories to produce items of increasing complexity, within an infinite 2D world. Use your imagination to design your factory, combine simple elements into ingenious structures, and finally protect it from the creatures who don't really like you.
317;91,0;91,0; PlayStation 2;October 18, 2005;Shadow of the Colossus;"(Also known as ""Wanda and the Colossus"" or ""Wanda to Kyozou"" in Japan) In Shadow of the Colossus, players take the role of a young man seeking the truth of an ancient tale of power hidden in a mystical land. Shadow of the Colossus is a majestic journey through ancient lands to seek out and destroy gigantic mythical beasts. With a trusty horse at your side, players explore the spacious lands and unearth each Colossi. The uneasy task of defeating a Colossus relies on intelligent puzzle solving and action oriented gameplay. Armed with strong wits, a mystical sword and a sturdy bow, players use cunning and strategy to topple each behemoth. [Sony]"
336;91,0;91,0; PlayStation 4;May 30, 2016;The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine;This expansion pack is an old-school add on with 20 hours of new adventures, where players will travel to the land of Toussaint.
351;91,0;91,0; PlayStation;March 30, 1996;Resident Evil;Raccoon City has been completely overrun by mutant beasts and bloodthirsty zombies. You are a member of S.T.A.R.S.--a rescue squad sent into the community to investigate the ominous mansion at the core of the disaster. Take the role of operative Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield and uncover the secrets behind a radical, genetic research facility. With an array of weapons to master and horrors around every corner, the ultimate test may be just to make it out alive.
361;91,0;92,0; PC;December 14, 1999;Planescape: Torment;"Welcome to Sigil, the ""City of Doors"", a place with gates that lead anywhere in existence, provided you have the proper key. It is a neutral ground and watering hole for races across the multiverse, all under the watchful shadow of the Lady of Pain, the enigmatic ruler of the city. It is a place where the word is mightier than the sword, where thought defines reality, where belief has the power to reshape worlds and change the laws of physics. [Interplay]"
369;91,0;90,0; PlayStation;August 16, 1999;Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver;"Cast down to the material world, the mysterious entity 'Raziel' seeks vengeance for betrayal by his master: Kain. Cursed to stalk the dark realms of Nosgoth, he must slay his undead brethren; only then can he absorb their souls for the energy he craves. Moving between the spectral and material plane, Raziel must negotiate puzzles, overcome traps and defy blood-chilling enemies to reach his goal - the final battle with Kain!"
371;91,0;90,0; Game Boy Advance;November 11, 2001;Golden Sun;In a dark time, an epic adventure begins as evil slowly envelops the world! The forces of darkness are pursuing the lost art of Alchemy, and as they draw ever closer to their foul purpose, mankind's future hangs in the balance. You and your companions are the last hope: armed with noble weapons, mysterious Psynergy and a host of elemental creatures, you must find a way to stem the evil tide. Your ordinary life is over, as a Golden Sun rises above you and forever broadens your horizon!
378;91,0;90,0; 3DS;November 22, 2013;The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds;The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds is a new game with a new storyline set in world of the Super NES classic The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past.
393;91,0;90,0; PlayStation;October 31, 1998;Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped;This time the game takes place across a great expanse of time and space, making for greatly diverse level designs, which in turn keep the game fresh.
399;90,0;91,0; PC;July 2, 2019;Final Fantasy XIV: Shadowbringers;Take part in the next saga of FINAL FANTASY® XIV Online with the next legendary expansion pack—SHADOWBRINGERS. New jobs: Gunbreaker and Dancer New races: Viera and Hrothgar Level cap increased: 70 to 80 New cities: The Crystarium and Eulmore Journey through expansive new areas, such as the Rak’tika Greatwood, Amh Araeng, Il Mheg and Lakeland. New trails, including harrowing encounters with Titania and Innocence. New beast tribes: pixies, Nu Mou, and dwarves New 8-player raid: Eden An exciting new series of alliance raids YoRHa:Dark Apocalypse The Restoration of the Holy See of Ishgard - In the aftermath of the Dragonsong War, Disciples of the Hand and Land work together to rebuild Ishgard
430;90,0;90,0; Wii U;September 20, 2013;The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD;As the purported definitive version of the game, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD is remastered and presented in 1080p graphics. Gamers can experience high-definition cell-shaded presentation on their TVs or entirely on the Wii U GamePad controller. The streamlined interface lets gamers easily manage your inventory—simply slide an item onto any button. Instantly view maps and zoom in on the GamePad controller's touch screen. Enjoy a breezy cruise with the original sail, or switch to the brand-new Swift Sail that lets you gather the wind and speed across the waves. With the new Tingle Bottle feature, you can connect with others over Miiverse. Comments or screenshots others have posted on Miiverse may wash up on the shore or appear in other locations, tucked into bottles. Whenever you want, move around the world in first-person mode, using the GamePad gyroscope to look around you and aim your bow, hookshot, Picto Box, or telescope. You can store more pictographs with your improved Picto Box—handy for creating figurines—and share them with other players on Miiverse. Your pictures, game tips, and messages may also appear in another player's game. Take the adventure to new levels with Hero Mode, available from the moment you start the game. In this mode, you only regain health when you earn a new heart piece or container, use a red potion, or visit a fairy fountain. Also, your enemies do double the damage. [Nintendo]
433;90,0;92,0; PC;October 10, 2007;Portal;"Portal is a new single player game from Valve. Set in the mysterious Aperture Science Laboratories, Portal has been called one of the most innovative new games on the horizon and offers gamers hours of unique gameplay. The game is designed to change the way players approach, manipulate, and surmise the possibilities in a given environment; similar to how Half-Life 2's Gravity Gun innovated new ways to leverage an object in any given situation. Players must solve physical puzzles and challenges by opening portals to maneuvering objects, and themselves, through space. [Valve]"
443;90,0;90,0; Xbox One;June 26, 2018;NieR: Automata - Become as Gods Edition;NieR: Automata is an action RPG set in a post-apocalyptic world overrun by machine lifeforms and abandoned by mankind. As part of an android army created by humans to reclaim the planet, players will fight their way through the mechanical horde using a collective of close-combat weapons and ranged attacks.
456;90,0;92,0; PC;June 23, 2000;Deus Ex;The game that incorporates RPG, action, adventure, and 1st-person shooter genres into a chaotic blend of real-world conspiracies, cliffhangers, and plot twists. A richly simulated world of unparalleled interactivity, engineered to react logically to your every action. The decisions and consequences are yours. [Eidos Interactive]
460;90,0;92,0; PC;October 10, 2007;Half-Life 2: Episode Two;Half-Life 2: Episode Two is the second in a trilogy of new games created by Valve that extends the award-winning and best-selling Half-Life adventure. As Dr. Gordon Freeman, you were last seen exiting City 17 with Alyx Vance as the Citadel erupted amidst a storm of unknown proportions. In Episode Two, you must battle and race against Combine forces as you traverse the White Forest to deliver a crucial information packet stolen from the Citadel to an enclave of fellow resistance scientists. Episode Two extends the award-winning Half-Life gameplay with unique weapons, vehicles, and newly-spawned creatures. [Valve]
465;90,0;90,0; Switch;June 12, 2018;Hollow Knight;Hollow Knight is a 2D action-adventure game with an emphasis on traditional 2D animation and skillful gameplay. Journey to Hallownest, a vast and ancient underground kingdom inhabited by a bizarre collection of insects and monsters. Players will forge their own path as they explore ruined cities, forests of fungus, temples of bone and other fantastic lands, all on their way to uncovering an ancient mystery.
484;90,0;90,0; GameCube;August 30, 2004;Pikmin 2;Captain Olimar has returned to the planet where the Pikmin live, and he's all business this time. The company he works for is going bankrupt, so to save it, Olimar must salvage the treasure buried all over the planet. Of course, he'll need the help of the Pikmin to do that--he can't do anything by himself. Control one of two main characters--Olimar or his assistant--as you command your Pikmin to defeat enemies, propagate more Pikmin, collect precious doodads, and solve puzzles. With unlimited time, new colors of Pikmin, and two-player cooperative play, Pikmin 2 improves on the original in many ways.
485;90,0;90,0; PlayStation 3;October 30, 2012;Okami HD;In Okami, the legendary monster Orochi has come back to life and turned the world into a veritable wasteland. Players must assume the role of a wolf, an embodiment of the sun god Amaterasu, which is capable of wielding unimaginable power. The state of the world lies in gamer's hands as they must fight ominous beings and reclaim the earth from a curse that plagues it. It is crucial to help Amaterasu make the world a place where all living creatures can dwell once again. [Capcom]
508;90,0;90,0; PlayStation 4;October 12, 2015;The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone;Hearts of Stone features over ten hours of new adventures and introduces new characters, powerful monsters, unique romance, and an entirely new storyline shaped by gamer choices. The expansion also introduces a new system of Runewords that significantly affects gameplay. Each Runeword impacts a different aspect of in-game mechanics and allows the players to experiment with various strategies and tactics. [CD Projekt]
